DOCS-3003: Add prerequisite of physically assembling hardware to components and services (#3540)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/motor/encoded-motor.md

Viam supports `gpio` model motors with encoders.
To configure an encoded motor, you must configure the encoder [per the encoder documentation](/components/encoder/) and then configure a `gpio` motor with an `encoder` attribute in addition to the [standard `gpio` model attributes](/components/motor/gpio/).

> Make sure to physically connect your motor to a suitable driver chip, and connect that to your board, as well as connecting the encoder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Physically connect your motor to a suitable driver chip, and connect that to your board, as well as connecting the encoder.
Connect the system to power if you want to test it while configuring.
```

Viam supports `gpio` model motors with encoders.
To configure an encoded motor, you must configure the encoder [per the encoder documentation](/components/encoder/) and then configure a `gpio` motor with an `encoder` attribute in addition to the [standard `gpio` model attributes](/components/motor/gpio/).

> Make sure to physically connect your motor to your machine's computer and turn it on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to physically connect your motor to suitable driver chip, and connect that to your board, as well as connecting the encoder.
```

> Make sure to physically connect your motor to a suitable driver chip, and connect that to your board, as well as connecting the encoder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to physically connect your motor to a suitable driver chip, and connect that to your board, as well as connecting the encoder.
Configure the [board](/components/board/) and the [encoder](/components/encoder/).
```
